Update README.md (#803)
Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator: README.md

- azure-functions
- azure-storage-accounts
- azure-speech
page_type: sample
urlFragment: chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator

---
<!-- YAML front-matter schema: https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/samples/process/onboarding?branch=main#supported-metadata-fields-for-readmemd -->

# Chat with your data - Solution accelerator

> [**USER STORY**](#user-story) | [**DEPLOY**](#Deploy) | [**SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION**](#supporting-documentation) | [**CUSTOMER TRUTH**](#customer-truth)\

Reviewer: Is this still required now that we have the table of contents below?

### About this repo

> This repository provides a template for setting up the solution accelerator, along with detailed instructions on how to use and customize it to fit your specific needs. This repository is created to provide an end-to-end solution accelerator for users who want to use natural language to query their data. The repo includes a well designed ingestion mechanism, best practises for deployment, and a support team for maintenance. This repository also helps in creating solution for ingesting multiple data types, and it uses the dataSources parameter which allows diffrent data types for ingestion, with a vision where with single front end you were able to use multiple backends with Azure, Openai or the custom back end. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository provides an end-to-end solution for users who want to use natural language to query their data. It includes a well designed ingestion mechanism for multiple file types, an easy deployment, and a support team for maintenance. The accelerator demonstrates both Push or Pull Ingestion; the choice of orchestration (Semantic Kernel or LangChain) and should be the basis of the components of what is needed for RAG. It is not intended to be put into Production as-is without experimentation or evaluation of your data. It simply demonstrates what components are needed to implement RAG.
```

> The simpler frontend of the chat-with repo seems to have streamlined the interaction with Multiple backend a lot.  It provides the following features:

Reviewer 3: I don't quite understand what this sentence is trying to say?

Author: statement is modified can you please review the changes again

Reviewer 2: I think the sentence that @cecheta is referring to is this: - `The simpler frontend of the chat-with repo seems to have streamlined the interaction with Multiple backend a lot.` - I think you should just delete it

### When should you use this repo?

If you need to customize your scenario beyond what [Azure OpenAI on your data](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data) offers out-of-the-box, use this repository.
    Note - developers can use this repo as starter and then they can customize the solution and adapt with best practices according to individual company policies. 

The accelerator presented here provides several options, for example:

> * The ability to ground a model using both data and public web pages (multiple Backends with single frontend)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The ability to ground a model using both data and public web pages
* A backend that mimics the [On Your Data](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data) flow, with the ability to switch to a custom backend```

### When should you use this repo?

If you need to customize your scenario beyond what [Azure OpenAI on your data](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data) offers out-of-the-box, use this repository.

>     Note - developers can use this repo as starter and then they can customize the solution and adapt with best practices according to individual company policies. 

Reviewer 2: I'm always nervous when I see "best practices" - I also don't know what this adds

Reviewer 4: My suggestion is to add this sentence here, instead of the generic "best practices" recommendation:

By default, this repo comes with one specific set of RAG configurations including but not limited to: chunk size, overlap, retrieval/search type and system prompt. It is important that you evaluate the retrieval/search and the generation of the answers for your data and tune these configurations accordingly before you use this repo in production. For a starting point to understand and perform RAG evaluations, we encourage you to look into the [RAG Experiment Accelerator](https://github.com/microsoft/rag-experiment-accelerator).

Author: added the eval statement

### When should you use this repo?

If you need to customize your scenario beyond what [Azure OpenAI on your data](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data) offers out-of-the-box, use this repository.
By default, this repo comes with one specific set of RAG configurations including but not limited to: chunk size, overlap, retrieval/search type and system prompt. It is important that you evaluate the retrieval/search and the generation of the answers for your data and tune these configurations accordingly before you use this repo in production. For a starting point to understand and perform RAG evaluations, we encourage you to look into the [RAG Experiment Accelerator](https://github.com/microsoft/rag-experiment-accelerator).

The accelerator presented here provides several options, for example:
* The ability to ground a model using both data and public web pages

> * A backend that mimics the [On Your Data](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/use-your-data) flow, with the ability to switch to a custom backend```

Reviewer: There's some stray back ticks at the end of this line ```

|[ChatGPT + Enterprise data with Azure OpenAI and AI Search demo](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo) | Azure sample | RAG pattern demo that uses Azure AI Search as a retriever. | Developers who would like to use or present an end-to-end demonstration of the RAG pattern should use this sample. This includes the ability to deploy and test different retrieval modes, and prompts to support business use cases. |

> |[RAG Experiment Accelerator](https://github.com/microsoft/rag-experiment-accelerator) | Azure sample |The RAG Experiment Accelerator is a versatile tool that helps you conduct experiments and evaluations using Azure AI Search and RAG pattern. | RAG Experiment Accelerator is to make it easier and faster to run experiments and evaluations of search queries and quality of response from OpenAI. This tool is useful for researchers, data scientists, and developers who want to, Test the performance of different Search and OpenAI related hyperparameters. |

Reviewer 2: This one is not a sample - maybe `Tool`
